Objectives
Grow your tribe to 7 villagers.

Hints
You must hunt gazelles and elephants to increase your stockpile of food in order to create new villagers.
As your population grows, you must build new Houses to accommodate the new units or else you will not be able to create anymore new ones.
Villagers can move around gazelles and herd them closer to the Town Center before hunting them. This decreases the distance the villagers must travel to carry the meat to the Town Center (where it is added to your stockpile).
When you hunt elephants, you must use a different tactic than when you hunt gazelles. Elephants will attack the villagers that are hunting them so instead of moving around the elephants like you'd do with gazelles, you must select a villager, shoot the elephant, run away and then (when he's almost out of range) turn your villager around and shoot him again. If you repeat this process, you can lure the elephant to your drop off point where you can easily kill the elephant with multiple villagers, and you reduce the distance your villagers must walk.
Food from dead animals deteriorates over time, so it is more efficient to assign more than one villager to gather the meat from a kill.
Beware of Crocodiles—they tend to eat unwary villagers who wander near the shore. Crocodiles and other predators can be hunted and provide food like gazelles but at a much lower return rate.

Strategy
This campaign is pretty straightforward, since no enemies are present. The only thing the player should look out for are Alligators lurking around near the coastal areas of the map. Contrary to the scenario instructions, the player only needs to create six Villagers, as one is already available. A total of 300 food is required, and a house needs to be built. Bring the Villager to the west and walk through the large herd of Gazelles. Try to judge how far the player wants the prey to be from the Town Center before hitting with a spear twice. Have the hunter collect the meat and create Villagers as the food comes in. As soon as the player has finished, build a House with one Villager while continuing to hunt. Create the required Villagers and the task will be complete.